hey guys what is up this SSD middlemen
here with guides for us all and today
I'm going to be showing you how to farm
for the Brack hand cannon in warframe so
previously this weapon was only
available with the grad of Estelle Emma
event but now you can get it by fighting
the grooc stag 3 and the way to fight
these guys is when you log into your
game you should have an email that will
say you know don't attack the Grenier
we're already getting pissed off blah
blah blah and go do a few invasion
missions against the Grenier you will
get another email from Vey heck saying
your punishment has been ordered or
something like that and basically that
is your signal that you now have a death
mark from the groose tag 3 now every
match you play after that will have a
small chance of spawning the goose drag
3 to come after you and fight you each
of the three have a chance to drop the
blueprint and parts for the barracks so
I know a lot of people probably
understand the basic information there
but really don't understand how to farm
to fight these guys and the way the
death marks work is the more people in
your party that have a death mark the
higher the chance to get them to spawn
that's the most basic way I can put it
is you just want to have as many people
in your party with a death mark for the
goose tag 3 as possible so with 4 people
that's the highest chance you can get
playing by yourself that's the lowest
chance you can get I say the best way to
find people that have these death marks
and are doing the mission is to just go
do more invasion missions as it seems
that most people with the death mark are
just playing invasion missions so if you
want a hardcore farm this thing just go
do invasion missions over and over and
over and over again or you can get a
group of you and three friends or three
guys that you find on the forums or
maybe in the chat that also have death
marks and you can go speedrun different
missions if you want to retain your
sanity there are other ways to farm for
this weapon and I recommend doing it
like this if you care about your mental
health and that is whenever an alert
comes up just go and do the 5 runs on
that art I'm sorry an invasion mission
comes up go do the 5 runs on that
invasion mission as corpus against
Grenier and collect your reward
obviously if the goose tag 3 don't spawn
no big deal but just make sure to do
that for every invasion note that comes
up and eventually you will end up
getting the goose tag 3 now another
great thing about these guys is not only
do they drop the brac blueprints but
they also drop all of the
multi-shot mods the standard multi-shot
mods so you can get split chamber hell's
chamber and Barrel diffusion from these
guys and here is another thing that's
even better about that you can use
necrosis desecrate ability on their dead
bodies yeah so if you're really really
lucky
you couldn't have yourself several split
chambers or several barrel diffusions
several health chambers and even several
parts for the brac in just one kid in
one kill of the gratest AG so make sure
you have a necrose with you when you're
going for these missions I'm sure a lot
of people are running necrose in the
invasion missions right now just for
this cause right now so that's pretty
much the only ways you can farm for it
do note that if you fight the goo stag 3
and they defeat you you will get a bolt
attached to your Tenno as you can see
here here's an email from Lotus telling
you about the bolt that has been
attached and she will give you a
blueprint which you can use to make a
remover which will remove it from you
and what that bolt does is makes you
weaker against grenier basically I think
what it does is makes your powers do
nothing or you can't activate powers
when fighting against grenier or the
groose tag 3 so you want to get that
bolt removed as soon as possible or just
overall try to avoid dying to the groose
tag 3 so whenever you're farming for
these guys make sure to bring some
decently leveled equipment stuff they
can put out high damage quick and do
note that just like most of the other
invasion type enemies your abilities are
not going to be your strongest asset
against them make sure you bring a good
gun and make sure you have a frame that
can tank a quite a bit of damage anyways
thanks for watching the video guys if
you enjoyed please leave a like rating
down below and subscribe to see some
more videos in the future
post a comment down below if you want to
find some other people to help you farm
for the brac and let me know if you did
get the brac and how you farm for it
thanks see you guys next time goodbye